c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\AkuteSinglePage.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\AkuteSinglePage.pdb
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\obj\Debug\AkuteSinglePage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\obj\Debug\AkuteSinglePage.dll
c:\users\tatyana.shvets.icx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage\AkuteSinglePage\obj\Debug\AkuteSinglePage.pdb
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\AkuteSinglePage.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\AkuteSinglePage.pdb
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\obj\Debug\AkuteSinglePage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\obj\Debug\AkuteSinglePage.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\obj\Debug\AkuteSinglePage.pdb
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\tatyana.shvets.ICX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AkuteSinglePage - Copy\AkuteSinglePage\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
